Document `functions` property and replace Builders with Runtimes (#1443)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/deployments.mdx

### Source view

> By appending `/_src` to a deployment URL or [custom domain](/docs/v2/custom-domains), the deployment inspector will be open and you'll be able to browse your deployment sources and [build](/docs/v2/advanced/runtimes) outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By appending `/_src` to a deployment URL or [custom domain](/docs/v2/custom-domains), the deployment inspector will be open and you'll be able to browse your deployment sources and [build](/docs/v2/build-step) outputs.
```
